Document clock modes for token and governor (#4058)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/governance.adoc

        GovernorTimelockControl(_timelock)
    {}

>     function votingDelay() public pure virtual override returns (uint256) {

Reviewer: Is this really necessary? The wizard doesn't add virtual. I think it's better for the user if we remove unnecessary keywords.

>     function votingDelay() public pure virtual override returns (uint256) {

Author: ```suggestion
    function votingDelay() public pure override returns (uint256) {
```

        return 7200; // 1 day
    }

>     function votingPeriod() public pure virtual override returns (uint256) {

Author: ```suggestion
    function votingPeriod() public pure override returns (uint256) {
```

        return 50400; // 1 week
    }

>     function proposalThreshold() public pure virtual override returns (uint256) {

Author: ```suggestion
    function proposalThreshold() public pure override returns (uint256) {
```

```

Executing the proposal will transfer the ERC20 tokens to the chosen recipient. To wrap up: we set up a system where a treasury is controlled by the collective decision of the token holders of a project, and all actions are executed via proposals enforced by on-chain votes.

== Timestamp based governance

=== Motivation

> It is sometimes difficult for humans to deal with durations expressed in number of blocks because of inconstistent or unpredictable time between blocks. That is particularly true of some L2 networks where blocks are being produced based on blockchain usage. Using number of blocks can also lead to the governance rules being affected by network upgrades eventually modifying the mean time between blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is sometimes difficult to deal with durations expressed in number of blocks because of inconsistent or unpredictable time between blocks. This is particularly true of some L2 networks where blocks are produced based on blockchain usage. Using number of blocks can also lead to the governance rules being affected by network upgrades that modify the expected time between blocks.
```

> It is sometimes difficult for humans to deal with durations expressed in number of blocks because of inconstistent or unpredictable time between blocks. That is particularly true of some L2 networks where blocks are beeing produced based on blockchain usage. Using number of blocks can also lead to the governance rules being affected by network upgrades eventually modifying the mean time between blocks.

Author: ```suggestion
It is sometimes difficult for humans to deal with durations expressed in number of blocks because of inconstistent or unpredictable time between blocks. That is particularly true of some L2 networks where blocks are being produced based on blockchain usage. Using number of blocks can also lead to the governance rules being affected by network upgrades eventually modifying the mean time between blocks.
```

> The difficulty of replacing block numbers with timestamp is that the governor and the token must both use the same format when querying past votes. If a token is designed around block numbers, it is not possible for a governor to reliably do timestamp based lookups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difficulty of replacing block numbers with timestamps is that the governor and the token must both use the same format when querying past votes. If a token is designed around block numbers, it is not possible for a governor to reliably do timestamp based lookups.
```

Therefore, designing a timestamp based voting system starts with the token.

=== Token

> Since v4.9, all voting contracts (including xref:api:token/ERC20.adoc#ERC20Votes[`ERC20Votes`] and xref:api:token/ERC721.adoc#ERC721Votes[`ERC721Votes`]) rely on xref:api:interfaces.adoc#IERC6372[IERC6372] for clock management. In order to change from operating with block numbers to operating with timestamps, all that is required is to override the `clock()` function. When doing so, one should not forget to also update the `CLOCK_MODE()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v4.9, all voting contracts (including xref:api:token/ERC20.adoc#ERC20Votes[`ERC20Votes`] and xref:api:token/ERC721.adoc#ERC721Votes[`ERC721Votes`]) rely on xref:api:interfaces.adoc#IERC6372[IERC6372] for clock management. In order to change from operating with block numbers to operating with timestamps, all that is required is to override the `clock()` and `CLOCK_MODE()` functions.
```

The governor will automatically detect the clock mode used by the token and adapt to it. There is no need to override anything in the governor contract. However, the clock mode does affect how some values are interpreted. It is therefore necessary to set the `votingDelay()` and `votingPeriod()` accordingly.

```solidity
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.2;

import "@openzeppelin/contracts/governance/Governor.sol";
import "@openzeppelin/contracts/governance/compatibility/GovernorCompatibilityBravo.sol";
import "@openzeppelin/contracts/governance/extensions/GovernorVotes.sol";
import "@openzeppelin/contracts/governance/extensions/GovernorVotesQuorumFraction.sol";
import "@openzeppelin/contracts/governance/extensions/GovernorTimelockControl.sol";

contract MyGovernor is Governor, GovernorCompatibilityBravo, GovernorVotes, GovernorVotesQuorumFraction, GovernorTimelockControl {
    constructor(IVotes _token, TimelockController _timelock)
        Governor("MyGovernor")
        GovernorVotes(_token)
        GovernorVotesQuorumFraction(4)
        GovernorTimelockControl(_timelock)
    {}

    function votingDelay() public pure virtual override returns (uint256) {

>         return 86400; // 1 day

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        return 1 days;
```

    }

    function votingPeriod() public pure virtual override returns (uint256) {

>         return 604800; // 1 week

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        return 1 weeks;
```
